Create AGENTS.md (#2561)
bigcommerce/catalyst: core/AGENTS.md

1. **Queries the BigCommerce GraphQL API** to resolve incoming URL paths to specific entity types (products, categories, brands, blog posts, pages).

2. **Rewrites requests** to internal Next.js routes based on the resolved entity type.

3. **Handles redirects** automatically based on BigCommerce's redirect configuration.

This means that URLs like `/my-product-name` can resolve to `/en/product/123` internally, providing flexible URL structure while maintaining SEO-friendly paths.

## Data Fetching and Partial Prerendering (PPR)

### PPR Configuration

The application uses Next.js Partial Prerendering with incremental adoption. This allows static parts of pages to be prerendered while dynamic content streams in.

### Streamable Pattern

A custom `Streamable` utility provides suspense-friendly data fetching that works seamlessly with PPR. This pattern:

- Wraps promises in a lazy-loading container
- Provides stable promise instances for identical inputs
- Integrates with React's `use()` hook and Suspense boundaries

### Data Fetching Best Practices

> 1. **Use React's `cache()` function** for server-side data fetching to ensure deduplication.

Reviewer: 🍹 Same sentence but uses language closer to the official React docs which I think helps the agent

```suggestion
1. **Use React's `cache()` function** for server-side data fetching to memoize function results and prevent repeated fetches or computations **per request** (React will invalidate the cache for all memoized functions for each server request).
```

> 2. **Implement proper cache strategies** based on whether user authentication is present.

Reviewer: 🍹 Do examples help here?

3. **Leverage Streamable for progressive enhancement** where static content loads immediately and dynamic content streams in.

## GraphQL API Client

### Centralized Client Configuration

> All interactions with the BigCommerce API should use the centralized GraphQL client. This client provides:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All interactions with the BigCommerce Storefront GraphQL API should use the centralized GraphQL client. This client provides:
```
